[Music]
what's up guys it's Zuckerberg here and
today I'm here with my mom and we are
doing a react video to deck maintenance
band commercial part 1 and part 2 so
let's begin if you're like me you find
it very hard to keep your dick dry I
lift my dick I've protected and it was
walked out of shape in no time
I could barely recognize my own dick
imagine that then I discovered Schafer's
New Zealand style Dixieland the best way
to take care of your DB in 3 easy steps
first what's your dick with soap and
water then wait for your dick to drive
what's your dick is cleaning for paint
your do with shakers Dixie I used to be
too embarrassed when white people over
the see my dick now my Dexter talking
about pictures of my dick check out that
dick I want to see mr. my secretary
barber always loves to receive my neat
books after all summertime is all about
spending time on your dick I often have
20 to 30 people on my dick at once but
really where your dick out causing dick
splinters in discoloration but with
shakers Dixieland my dick stays a nice
golden brown color who wouldn't want a
golden dick anyway my dick my dick was
too dangerous for concert apply on but
it seems like I become the
neighborhood's been on my dick this
summer they've all had a good time
my dicks over 70 years old but it looks
brand-new
that's a lot of the reason all my
neighbors the jealous of my dick wasn't
that right jump yes
his wife is always on my dick begging me
to know the secret I'm a perfect deke a
few like sofas Dixieland check out sofas
New Zealand star cock I had a huge hole
I'm Monica what a fuck spent by jimang
some coconut you'd be surprised how many
things you can fucking cock nothing have
an extra large hole in your dick try
shake this african-style cock home
improvement store is for the big black
cock trifles New Zealand style Dixieland
is by barely political
there's also a helpful number on the
back hi I've got a question about my
dick Schafer's New Zealand stock I get
that squirrel off my dick he knows he's
not allowed to come on my dick ah so
that's part one and there's a part two
that came out quite recently
deck maintenance okay Roger around the
time I turned 40
my dick became soft and spongy and I
never used it anymore
my wife's would be the Sun on my cheek
the neighborhood comes with all pointing
last
[Music]
but that was before I discovered
Schafer's New Zealand style D continent
when the makers of shape is Dixieland it
keeps your deep nice and hard all year
round in three simple steps first grab a
neighbor to help you because making your
dick is hard as a rock can be a two-man
job then run the decoder into your deep
hard in fact and when you get tired take
a break and watch your neighbor rub your
deep it's fun to watch someone else rub
your deep echoing and finally simply
wait for your deep to get hard while you
think about the fun times you'll have
this year on your record deal I rub my
deep level with other inferior products
but that won't happen with shakers
department because Schafer's is
committed to your dick and the people in
headquarters do nothing but think about
dicks all day long Schafer's now has an
entire new line of products specifically
formulated just for you think they're
shakers new paint for when you want to
play around or living at the different
color big want to get rid of your dick
entirely and start from scratch
try Schafer's bic remover on no time um
if you don't think it'll work ask me Mom
she must have a dick boots got run over
when she met dead do noticed I think
dead loved a woman she had deep it was
enormous trust me I've seen the photos
that's a pretty tricky fish mmm but most
importantly be on the lookout for the
world's first think vacuum makers New
Zealand style dick-sucker
because why should you pay to guys you
don't know to show open a fan good thing
for you now you can suck your own dick
money and suck everyone in the
neighborhoods deploy already so join us
on social media and Twitter so puck sure
of your dick using the hashtag show us
your deeply oh look we've already got
some show us your deeds
dig in the front a deacon egg
we service six our entire career
Schieffer's it's good for your one New
Zealand styled Akana
it's like viagra for your deep oh well I
hope you guys did enjoy that episode of
uh my mom reacts if you did enjoyed it
don't forget to hit that like button
don't forget to subscribe don't forget
to follow me on Instagram Twitter and
SoundCloud in the description below
don't forget to comment what you want my
mum to react to next in the comments
below see you guys next time